Add documentation for overview tab (#20143)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/genai/tracing/observe-with-traces/ui.mdx

# MLflow Tracing UI

## GenAI Experiment Overview

> When you open a GenAI experiment in the MLflow UI, you'll find the **Overview** tab which provides comprehensive analytics and visualizations for your GenAI application traces. This tab is organized into three sub-tabs to help you monitor different aspects of your application.

Reviewer: Nit: Consider rephrasing to be more direct:

```suggestion
The **Overview** tab in GenAI experiments provides comprehensive analytics and visualizations for your GenAI application traces. This tab is organized into three sub-tabs to help you monitor different aspects of your application.
```

🤖 Generated with Claude

All tabs include a **time range selector** and **time unit selector** to customize the granularity and range of the displayed data.

> <video src={useBaseUrl("/images/llms/tracing/overview_demo.mp4")} controls loop autoPlay muted aria-label="Experiment Overview Tab" />

Author: Are you referring to the auto-zoom in&out style? If so I don't have that app license 😅 I think this is to demonstrate what charts we support instead of teaching users how to use it, so it's fine
